Minor update to conngen documentation (#1693)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/guides/conngen_interface.rst

Connection Generator Interface. This allows to couple connection
generating libraries to NEST without having to modify NEST itself.

> In contrast to the :doc:`Connection management <connection_management>` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the :doc:`regular creation of connections <connection_management>` and
```

> Topology module's built-in connection functions, the Connection Generator

Reviewer: Do we still talk about Topology? Isn't this now part of regular `Connect` somehow? Or should this also include a link to the corresponding manual? Sorry if I missed something.

> In contrast to the :doc:`Connection management <connection_management>` and
> Topology module's built-in connection functions, the Connection Generator
> Interface has a different way of specifying connectivity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the :doc:`regular creation of connections <connection_management>, the
Connection Generator Interface provides a different way of specifying connectivity:
```
